= Relationship Editor

xtUML Project Design Note

== 1 Abstract

Want to automatically formalize relationships when they are drawn and force the
user to set up referentials and role phrases at creation time.

This issue originates from a November 17, 2018 discussion between users and
the BridgePoint engineering team regarding high-priority work items.

== 2 Introduction and Background

Read <<dr-2>>

== 3 Requirements

See <<dr-2>> section 3

== 4 Analysis

See <<dr-2>> section 4

== 5 Design

5.1 Workflow generation changes

Several changes had to be made to the way workflow generation works to support
the association editor.

5.1.1 New input elements

This section describes the new elements that were added for different types of
inputs.

5.1.1.1 Text entry

The bridge `getText` was added to the `USER` EE. The bridge returns a string
which represents the text entered in a free form text box. The following
describes the parameters:

`default` is the text which is populated in the box when the wizard is created.

`prompt` is the text that is displayed before the text box. It must be a literal
string.

`require_value` is a boolean value. If true, the text box may not be empty.

`validate_name` is a boolean value. If true, the text in the box will be
validated with the BridgePoint identifier validation logic found in the
`RenameAction` class.

5.1.1.2 Text options (dropdown)

The bridge `getDropdown` was added to the `USER` EE. The bridge returns a string
which represents a selection out of a finite number of options displayed in a
dropdown box. The following describes the parameters:

`options` is a array of strings which represent the available options.

`prompt` is the text that is displayed before the dropdown. It must be a literal
string.

`default_selection` is an integer index representing the option that should be
selected when the wizard is created.

`reload_options` is a boolean value. If true, the code which creates the options
array will be run each time a value in the wizard is changed. This is helpful
when the options are dependent on other fields. For example, in the association
editor, the list of classes which can be used for the formalizing identifier
depends on the cardinality of the association.

5.1.1.3 Toggle option (select from two text options)

The bridge `getToggle` was added to the `USER` EE. The bridge returns a string
which represents the selection out of two string options. The options are
displayed as a button which when clicked toggles between the two options. The
following describes the parameters:

`option1` represents the string option which is displayed when the wizard is
created.

`option2` represents the string option which is toggled to when the button is
pushed.

`prompt` is the text that is displayed before the toggle button. It must be a
literal string.

5.1.1.4 Boolean input (checkbox)

The bridge `getCheckbox` was added to the `USER` EE. The bridge returns a
boolean which represents the state of the checkbox. The following describes the
parameters:

`default` is a boolean value which represents the initial state of the checkbox
when the wizard is created.

`prompt` is the text that is displayed before the dropdown. It must be a literal
string.

`disable` is a boolean value. If true, the checkbox is grayed out and cannot be
changed.

5.1.1.5 Labels

The bridge `getLabel` was added to the `USER` EE. The bridge returns a
string value which does not have any semantic meaning. The only reason a value
is returned is to enable linking fields together with dependencies (see 5.1.2).
The following describes the parameters:

`label` is a string value representing the label text.

5.1.2 Fields dependent on other values

The `dependsOn` bridge was added to the `USER` EE. The bridge defines a
dependency between two input fields. The following describes the parameters.

`field1` is a string which must be the name of a variable returned by another
`USER` bridge. This field is the dependent field. It must be a literal string.

`field2` is a string which must be the name of a variable returned by another
`USER` bridge. This field is the field that is depended on. It must be a literal
string. `field2` is typically a boolean value but is not necessarily boolean.

`inverse` is a boolean value. If true, the comparison is logically inverted. It
must be a literal boolean.

`comparison` is a string value which represents a Java expression which returns
a boolean value. It must be a literal string. This is useful for more complex
dependencies.

5.1.3 Layout and styling

A new EE `Layout` with one bridge `setLayout` was created. This bridge is used
to define where the inputs are laid out in the wizard. The layout uses a six
column system. By default, all fields are one column wide and one row tall. The
following describes the parameters:

`field_name` is a string which must be the name of a variable return by a `USER`
bridge call. It must be a literal string.

`row_num` is a string value which represents the row in which the field is laid
out. It must be a literal string.

`width` is a string value which represents the number of columns the field
covers. It must be a literal string.

`height` is a string value which represents number of rows the field covers. It
must be a literal string.

5.2 Association types

5.2.1 Simple associations

Simple associations are created in the same way they have always been with a
drawing tool. At the end of the connector creation command, the "Edit
association" action is invoked on the newly created association. It is also
available for existing associations through the right click menu.

A binary association can also result from editing an existing linked association
and migrating to a simple association.

5.2.2 Linked associations

Linked associations can be created by creating a binary association and
migrating to linked. The "Edit association" action is also available through the
right click menu.

5.2.3 Subsuper associations

For subtype supertype associations, when a connector representing the first
subtype connection of the association is created, the "Edit association" access
is invoked on the newly created association. It is also available through the
right click menu for existing associations. When additional subtypes are added,
they inherit the existing properties of the association (this is existing
behavior).

5.2.4 Reflexive associations

For reflexive binary associations, the relationship phrases are included in the
dropdown menu to select the formalizing identifier. No special handling is
required for reflexive linked associations.

5.3 Preferences

Two new boolean preferences are added in the xtUML > Diagram Editors
preferences page. 

If "Require formalized associations` is checked, the association editor does not
allow "finish" unless the association is formalized.  Additionally, associations
cannot be created unless at least one valid identifier exists in one of the
classes being created.

If "Require role phrases" is checked, the association editor does not allow
"finish" unless a value is given in the role phrase text box.

== 6 Design Comments

6.1 Arrays in MC-Java

Some support for arrays was added in MC-Java. Only one dimensional arrays are
supported and the support is limited to bridge parameters and transient
variables. This was added to support the `options` parameter in the
`getDropdown` menu.

6.2 Transaction manager

Because a CME action is invoked in the middle of a graphical draw operation, the
transaction manager was changed to allow nested transactions. With nested
transactions, each of the nested transactions are rolled up into the outermost
transaction.

== 7 User Documentation

No updated user documentation is planned as of the design of the association
editor.  The association editor is relatively self-explanator and launches
itself automatically.

== 8 Unit Test

A test model is available to manually test the association editor.  It is
found at <<dr-3>>.

A test procedure is available to manually test the association editor.  It
is found at <<dr-4>>.

== 9 Document References

. [[dr-1]] https://support.onefact.net/issues/11554[11554 - Automatically formalize and force user to setup referentials and role phrases at creation]
. [[dr-2]] link:11554_relationship_editor_ant.adoc[Relationship editor analysis note]
. [[dr-3]] https://github.com/xtuml/models/tree/master/test/assoc_edit[Association Editor test model]
. [[dr-4]] https://github.com/xtuml/models/blob/master/test/assoc_edit/test.adoc[Association Editor Test Procedure]

---

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons CC0 License

---
